---
title: “A Refutation of Revival Theology
permalink: /
layout: default
---
A Refutation of “REVIVAL THEOLOGY”

The heresies of false Christianity influence us more than we realize. To maintain vital reality with our Lord Jesus, we must presently-progressively cleanse ourselves (Acts 2:40, Jude 1:3) from the thoughts and ways of our generation (deceptions that have compounded generation-upon-generation), not only of the overtly, outwardly-corrupt denominations, but also the more subtle perversions of the apostles’ doctrine which deceive the most conservative and seemingly God-fearing remnant. As the apostles’ doctrine as recorded in Holy Writ is the only standard of faith and practice endorsed by our Lord Jesus Christ. 

One of the primary heresies of modern-day conservative false Christianity is the notion that “revival is an option.”

In contrast to more outwardly degraded forms of false Christianity which believe that supernatural manifestations of the presence and saving power of God have ceased (“cessationists”), adherents of revival theology have some form of remembrance of God’s works of old (Psalm 77:5,11; 143:5).  

Although they generally are not chiefly esteeming the Biblically-exemplified revival in the book of Acts, nevertheless, they do study, respect, and speak of such moves of the Spirit of God as the revival in the Isle of Lewis through Duncan Campbell and they seek for similar manifestations of God’s presence in our day, often in the form of revival conferences. 

However, the poison of this revival theology lies in the underlying teaching and assumption that revival is an option. 

In other words, revival theology teaches that the presence or absence of revival is eternally irrelevant. 

The implications of this thought are devastating and far-reaching. 



A sober, introspective question: How much does the heresy of “revival theology” affect us, and our  thoughts, and our attitudes – our heart-postures – day in and day out?

Could it be affecting you, even today, far more than you realize?

If one is not understanding or convicted of its influence, then of a truth, it is affecting him far more than he realizes.

When one saint has a revelation into their inheritance, the whole body of believers is affected.


#BibleStudies/Sunshine
